my extreme pleasure to introduce to you
he's a two-time Stanley Cup champion a
two-time Olympic gold medalist he's
captain the Chicago Blackhawks and of
course Canadian Tire jump start
ambassador mr. Jonathan tapes thanks
guys this welcome is absolutely amazing
I so honored where you don't get the
chance that to come up to Larry are too
often but I'm looking forward to imagine
today and spent some time with you guys
so thank you for the great welcome and
it's great to be here so thanks to me so
back in February one of our two big iron
ore mining companies closest doors and
I've made a big impact on a community
where 600 people lost their jobs in a
town of 7,000 people that's a big deal
so my staff and myself we committed
right from day one to make this year a
year we really put jumpstart forward and
made an impact on the community Jonathan
Hayes is going to come to lab city cuz
we won the jumpstart program we raised
the most money as a town red ball
campaign for us started off with a bang
we had a little team rally at the
beginning of the month I made a
commitment to ask 100% of our customers
who came into the store by the end of
the month we are having days where we're
having 90 95 % conversion rate where
customers were making that $2 donation
my name is Paul Kevin Huck this is my
father who also has the same name I was
named after him Paula and this is my
youngest son Tristan
we are the three generations of
Blackhawks fans and we are super excited
to see John Dave's
to come to these small communities all
over Canada and to see the support and
see the people that love hockey and it's
really cool to see that and really cool
to be a part of this foundation that
gives back to those communities and
helps those kids play sports and in
hockey and give them the chance to you
know have the same opportunities that I
had when I was a kid I mean you go
outside and you just see the spirit you
know an hour before he's even here and
you know the kids are excited the
parents are excited I think they're even
more excited it's impressive that you
know something like this is happening
right here in Labrador and it is just
thanks to Canadian Tire and to jumpstart
so it was so amazing to see there was
one little boy you saved $20 of his
allowance money and donated it all to
jumpstart so he can meet Jonathan James
I put 20 dollars of my own money into
the JumpStart program and how did you
get $20 well I had 12 bucks for my
allowance and then the rest of my eight
was my pay from the other day from
babysitting I mean I feel good helping
kids because I play sports myself I'm
here to see the best hockey player in
the world Jonathan James he's a really
good hockey player and he scores a lot
of goals and
he tries to dress every shift to meet a
young kid like dad who loves hockey and
me being his favorite player I think
that's a huge honor and a huge
compliment and I almost feel bad because
I feel like when they show up they might
be disappointed with Jonathan days or
whatever but I think at the same time
it's pretty awesome
when we heard that Labrador City won the
red ball campaign I immediately said I'm
in because I never get to come to places
this cool so this is a big treat for me
so thanks to all of you there has been a
ton of excitement building for the last
two months everywhere I go everyone's
asked me when's Jonathan getting here
what do I need to do to participate to
have a star like Jonathan here in
Labrador City it's unimaginable for most
kids
our kids come here always to practice to
play and to enjoy their sport and now
they're going to get to share that
experience with Jonathan we're very
lucky and very fortunate to have this
experience
to be honest I I think the thing I'm
most proud about is that it wasn't one
person or one company who really stepped
up for us it was all of our customers
I'm feeling really good about meeting
Jonathan time eNOS I could dream come
true